I don’t hesitate to apologize to my little husband right away.
You also accompany me to apologize.
You are not as good as me now in terms of status or manhood.
You'd better stab your husband properly.
Just in case you do. You can't even get a dime from the service.
It’s just a house for you to choose.
Then your eyes are really rich, given your current class,
I can only see one house.
But what I see is the motivation and patience behind it
These are things you can't have in this life
Just like now, I, Qin Qin, sent a message
I can kick you out
Sister, you can show up to tens of millions
Just say that I won’t dare to go out for much longer.
Sister, you are just a tenant
Never say that you are the host of the banquet
Are you kidding?
You, Third Emperor, are looking for some good use.
I just don’t have the patience to comment anymore
I am the owner of Unit 7, Unit 1605
Tell me, are you so angry?
Why don't you teach me how to get better?
You still said you don't care?
Actually, you are jealous of me, right?
Can we really do it for you?
I've only ever had sex with my mouth in this life.